OSDOCS#13367:Replace/Insight Operator/Insights Operator (#91797)
openshift/openshift-docs: support/index.adoc

** Roll out {product-title} upgrades.
** Improve the upgrade experience.

> * *Insights Operator*: By default, {product-title} installs and enables the Insights Operator, which reports configuration and component failure status every two hours. The Insights Operator helps to:

Reviewer: I am not aware of the context, but it might be possible to turn this (and also same for `Telemetry` on line 30) into one unordered-items list:
```suggestion
* *Insights Operator*: By default, {product-title} installs and enables the Insights Operator, which has the following uses:
** Reports the configuration and component failure status every two hours.
** Identifies potential cluster issues proactively.
** Provides a solution and preventive action in {cluster-manager-first}.
```
